# Planter Docs

This documentation has been autogenerated by planter. Install planter globally to easily develop within this application.  

Install command: **npm install -g @team-octoo/planter**  

Planter will give you commands to create components, state files, and much more. Just type in 'planter -h' in a terminal for a list of useful commands!  

## Styling  

This app uses Custom to style its components.  
When creating a component using the planter library...  
A custom method has been chosen...  

## Component structure  

Planter uses the BEP convention for component architecture. BEP component structure stands for 'Basics', 'Elements' and 'Pages'.  
It is a triple layered component structure:

- Basics: Your basic building blocks. These components do not have any business logic in them. They get their state through props.  
- Elements: Elements are a collection of basic components and (sometimes) other elements. They can get their state through props or can have some business logic within the component itself.  
- Pages: Pages are the largest components. These usually are a collection of elements. It is common that they contain business logic and pass data toward child components.  

**Example**  
A simple notes application has a login page, overview page, and edit page.  
On the login page, there is a login container (a plain div) which contains a form (element or basic) with input fields (basic).  
The overview page has the navigation (element) and a list of notes (element). The moment the overview page is rendered, the notes (basic) are fetched. When fetched, the notes are passed to the list element.  

Component     | Type
------------- | -------------
Form          | Element / Basic
Input         | Basic
Navigation    | Element
Nav item      | Basic
Notes list    | Element
Note          | Basic

## Contributing to this repository

1. Clone this repo
2. `npm i`
3. `npm start`